OLS-1814: OLS 0.3.6 release notes (#94169)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-0-3-6-known-issues.adoc

// This module is used in the following assemblies:
// * lightspeed-docs-main/release_notes/ols-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ols-0-3-6-known-issues_{context}"]
= Known issues

The following issues are identified with {ols-official} 0.3.6:

> * For {ocp-product-title} 4.17 and later, the {ols-short} icon disappears When you click *Create Namespace* or *Create Project* from one of the following locations in the {ocp-product-title} web console:

Author: Thanks @lpettyjo ! I flipped which phrase was first and missed this. Appreciate it!

> * For {ocp-product-title} 4.17 and later, the {ols-short} icon disappears When you click *Create Namespace* or *Create Project* from one of the following locations in the {ocp-product-title} web console:

Author: done

> ** *Administration -> Namespaces* 
> ** *Home -> Projects -> Create Project*
> ** The *Project* drop-down menu located at the top of most pages

Reviewer: I _think_ to get the workaround line to properly indent at the right level, you would want to wrap this in something like a -- block:
```suggestion
--
** *Administration -> Namespaces* 
** *Home -> Projects -> Create Project*
** The *Project* drop-down menu located at the top of most pages
--
```

But I don't think it's worth delaying the merging over, feel free to try that in a follow up PR

+
Workaround: Refresh the web browser and the {ols-short} icon appears. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OLS-1815[OLS-1815].

> * Changing the value of the `quota` parameter in the `spec.ols.quota_handlers.conf` specification of the `OLSConfig` CR file does not take effect until the currently defined quota period expires.

Reviewer: Nit for maybe a follow up PR - spell out CR since that's the first mention in this section:
```suggestion
* Changing the value of the `quota` parameter in the `spec.ols.quota_handlers.conf` specification of the `OLSConfig` custom resource file does not take effect until the currently defined quota period expires.
```
